doc: update example building to use bpfman image build (#1333)
bpfman/bpfman: docs/getting-started/cli-guide.md

The `bpfman image generate-build-args` command is a utility command that generates the labels used
to package eBPF program bytecode in a OCI container image.

> It is recommended to use the `bpfman image build` command to packaged the eBPF program in a OCI

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is recommended to use the `bpfman image build` command to package the eBPF program in an OCI
```

Author: Done
